	The Gaming Room was a game development company that requested that I design an application that could take their already established android title “Draw It or Lose it” and move it to a web platform accessible to multiple clients. 
	It needed to be able to host multiple games with multiple players and teams at one time as well as quickly load the images for the game. While developing the document I had a good grasp of the technology and code needed to get the game up and running and was able to translate that into the document. 
	Developing the document made it easier to focus on what truly needed to be coded. A lot of wasted time is because the final product is hard to visualize. The design docuement brought the request into a finished product. I would revise my executive summary and design constraints. They dont fully represent what the client was looking for when making their request and present a clear misunderstanding as well. I would bring that more in line with the client request given the opportunity.
	I interpreted the users needs as a desire to expand in the simplest, cheapest, fastest way possible. It was also clear they wanted to preserve the quality and experience of using the game the same as the android app. 
	Its important to understand what the client wants that wy you dont end up wasting resources and time building the wrong app and potentially losing the client. When desingning the software I made sure to properly study the UML diagram multiple times before begenning to code. Its important to know what youre building before you build it.
	Next, time Ill focus on understanding the requirements on a deeper level as far as the software is concerned. 
